This is 18 and 19 of Mark chapter 5.
As Jesus was getting into the boat, the man who had been possessed with demons begged him that he might go and be with him.
But Jesus did not permit him, but said, go home to your friends and family.
tell them how much the Lord has done for you and how he has had mercy on you.
And Jesus did not permit him.
Amen.
I want to preach as the Holy Spirit shall give me help as you shall pray for and with me from the topic when the answer is no.
Lord, bless your word.
Bless your preacher.
Bless the ears, hearts, and spirits of your people.
Let us hear from you.
Speak, Lord, through your preacher, to your people.
Bless now in Jesus' name.
Amen.
There's nothing like the experience of rejection.
If you are alive and honest, you and I have experienced rejection in some way, shape or form.
We didn't ask for it.
We didn't like it.
We didn't appreciate it.
Was embarrassing, humiliating, ignomious, yet all of us, in some way, shape or form, have experienced rejection.
You went out for the team.
But you didn't make the final cut.
Rejection.
You applied for the job.
They went with another candidate.
Rejection.
You thought he or she was the one.
But they said the timing is bad.
And it's me.
Not you.
Rejection.
You wanted to join the organization, but they deemed you unqualified.
You had dreams of being an entrepreneur, but the investors did not invest
rejection.
You wanted to be a home owner, but your numbers were not yet strong enough.
Rejection.
You thought they were your friends, but they excluded you, forgot about you, and gossiped about you.
You thought
you found your tribe, but they deemed you to male to female to light to dark or just too much.
Rejection.
If you are alive and honest with yourself, then you've experienced rejection in some way, shape or form.
Rejection is not a new experience or a new phenomenon, but according to Mark chapter five, verses 15 through verse 20, this nameless man who we call legion is a person who experienced rejection from none other than our savior and Lord Jesus Christ.
Legion is not rejected because of his past.
Legion is not rejected because of his numbers.
Legion is not rejected because he is too much of something.
Yet, according to this New Testament text, watch chapel, Legion is rejected because of the will of Almighty God for his life.
Having been delivered set free and liberated by Jesus from debilitating demonic possession.
They encounter Legion in verse 15, clothed, sane, and in his right mind.
Those of us who know what took place in verses one,
Through 20, this was a radical departure from the man we meet in verses two and three.
In verses two and three, Legion is a menace to society.
But because he encountered a man by the name of Jesus, who has all power.
Come on, help me preach this.
Legion was not demon possessed anymore.
Legion was not a menace anymore.
Legion was not troublesome anymore, but Legion, according to verse 15, was clothed, sane, sound, and in his right mind.
And having been delivered, liberated,
and set free by the power of Jesus Christ.
Legion wants to travel with Jesus and join the apostolic man.
Legion makes the request to go with Jesus, to be alongside Peter James and John Bartholomew, that he assignment and the other disciples.
His ask is sanctified,
sincere and spiritual, but Jesus says no.
Can I preach this?
Watch tablet as we have come on this first Sunday in March.
Many of us know what it's like to be legion.
We have requested of the Lord God, things that were spiritual,
sanctified and sincere, but Jesus, who is known to be full of grace and mercy, does not say yes, but he says no.
And who in this sanctuary has not experienced no from God?
We love to hear yes.
Do I have a witness?
Can I preach this?
Whenever we ask something of the Lord, we are expecting God to say yes.
When we're asking for a blessing, we're expecting God to say yes.
When we're asking for a miracle, we're expecting God to say yes.
When we're asking for a gainful employment, we're expecting God to say yes.
When we're asking for a psalm one man,
A Proverbs 31 woman, we're expecting God to say yes.
When we're asking for God to intervene on behalf of our children, friends, family members, co-workers, neighbors, we're expecting God to say yes.
But who among us on this Sunday morning will testify, I've not always heard yes from God.
But sometimes along the journey, can I preach this?
We have not heard yes, but we have heard no.
We ask for a miracle, but God didn't say yes, but God said, no, we ask for God to extend the life of a family member, heal a family member.
God didn't say yes, but God said, no, we ask for gainful employment.
God
Hadn't said yes, but God said no.
And sometimes let me do my good preaching.
We are struggling and wrestling with the will of God because we want God to always say yes.
But can we do my good preaching?
Sometimes the will of God is not yes, but the will of God is no.
And as believers like we,
Appreciate yes from God.
We have to learn to appreciate no from God like we do yes from God.
It's a tough pill to swallow because we think of Jesus as our high priest.
We think of Jesus as a doctor in a sick room, lawyer in a courtroom, burden bearer,
Comfort Lord Shara.
We think of Jesus as the one who's going to say yes, but sometimes the answer is yes, but the answer is no.
For those of us who have been blessed with children, we could testify as much as we love our children.
The answer can't always be yes.
Come on, preach this.
But the answer has to be no.
And maybe Jesus tells this man no.
Because he wants to prevent pride.
This man has just been delivered.
He's just been set free.
He's just experienced a supernatural, radical miracle.
This man who was a menace is now same sober wearing clothes in his right mind.
And he wants to go with Jesus.
He's on the mountain top.
And he wants to travel alongside Jesus and join the apostolic band with Bartholomew, the other 12 disciples, including Judas.
But Jesus doesn't say yes.
But he says no.
And maybe, just maybe, Jesus tells this man no to prevent pride.
Doesn't take a lot sometimes for the unvirtuous habit of pride to rise up in all of us.
Let us have a few W's and no losses.
Let us have a streak of good days
and no bad days.
Let it be 70 degrees out every day and no rain.
Can I preach this?
Let every God get our attention or every sister girl get our attention and we think we'd catch me out.
And sometimes because God is a God of love and God is a God who's concerned
Not just with our comfort, but our character.
God says no to prevent pride.
I wish I had a witness on this Sunday morning.
I wish I had a thousand people who could testify if I heard yes to every request.
I wouldn't be in my right mind right now.
If God said yes to me concerning everything, I requested of God.
Every desire, every aspiration, every ask, if I always got a yes with a smiley face on it, I wouldn't be sane, I wouldn't be sober, but I would be the boogeyman or the booger woman, because anybody who always hears yes becomes a monster.
I wish I could talk it the way I wanted to talk it, cause some of us know right now that we dealing with monsters right now,
You'll never heard no.
Come on, can I preach this?
You talk about your unbelieving monsters.
I believe in monsters.
Two-legged monsters, millionaire monsters, boogeyman monsters who've never heard no in their life.
Consequently, they will put our children at risk.
They will slash cut, burn from us, but benefit their cronies.
Y'all ain't talking to me.
Oh, because they never heard no.
We better love our children.
We're going to learn to tell them no.
Love your grandchildren, but learn to tell them no.
Love the people around you, but learn to tell them no.
Because if not, they'll grow up to be the boogeyman and the boogeywoman who still kill and destroy.
Because they've never heard no in their lives.
No, no ain't the worst thing.
Sometimes, can I preach this?
Almost 55, be 55 in July.
I'm so glad God said no to some stuff I wanted or thought I needed.
If God said yes to me, I wouldn't be your pastor right now.
I may not be alive right now, and I ain't talking to myself.
You just remember 30, 25 years ago.
If God said yes to some of the craziness, we asked of God.
It wasn't God, it was us.
Come on, I'm preaching this to the real people.
We tried to blame it on God.
No, it was us.
You wanted what you wanted, then tried to blame it on God.
Amen, somebody.
You wanted who you, come on, let me not say you.
We wanted who we wanted, what we wanted, how we wanted it, when we wanted it.
But thank God, we serve a God who sits high and looks low and said, no, you ain't ready for that.
If I say yes to that, you ain't gonna live another six months, maybe another six days, maybe another six hours, but I got to say no to protect you from pride.
Maybe he says no to protect him from pride.
Maybe he says no to promote his purpose.
Reverend Robinson, this man wanted to walk and talk with Jesus, sit at the feet of Jesus, be around Jesus 24-7, 365.
He wanted to have all the experiences that he had heard that Jesus had done
for other people.
He wanted to see Jesus like he did in Mark chapter two healed the paralytic.
He wanted to see what Jesus did in Mark chapter three when he healed the man with the withered head.
He wanted to see what Jesus did in Mark chapter four when he still the storm on the sea of Galilee.
He wanted to see what Jesus did in Mark chapter one where he healed the leopress man.
But Jesus says no to promote
His purpose, the purpose of Jesus for this man was to go back home.
Can I preach this and be a witness to people who remembered him when?
And sometimes the Lord tells us no to promote our purpose.
Sometimes
We don't want to go back and see the people who knew us when.
Come on, help me preach this.
Sometimes we want to deal with new folk.
We want to see new horizons.
We want to be exposed to people who don't remember us on homecoming.
Y'all ain't talking to me.
We want to see new people who don't remember us in high school, college, grad school.
We want to see new folk.
Because we don't want to have to be reminded of where the Lord has brought us from.
But thanks be to God, the Lord promotes purpose.
And the purpose that God has for you and I is to be a witness to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Our purpose is to be the light of the world, the salt of the earth.
Our purpose is to represent Jesus Christ wherever we go.
Our purpose is to be a city set on a hill, a royal priesthood, a holy nation.
Our purpose is to be light in the midst of darkness.
Our purpose is to be a witness to the saving power of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And sometimes the Lord says, no, not because the Lord is stifling us, not because the Lord is punishing us.
But the Lord is promoting our purpose.
Can I preach this towards real good?
Look at the text.
The text says, if he goes with Jesus, he's gonna be with Peter, James, John, Bartholomew, Thaddeus, Jesus, Simon, he's gonna be with the 12.
But Jesus says, I don't want you to be with us.
I want you to go to Gentile territory, the Decopolis, and preach the good news.
You the only preacher.
You don't have to share time.
Y'all ain't talking to me.
You're going to preach the gospel in a place that's right for revival.
And you don't have to do a whole lot of preaching.
You don't have to holler.
You don't have to sing.
You don't have to grab your ear.
You just got to stand behind the pulpit.
And they're going to wonder, ain't that legion?
Ain't that drunk crazy acting legion?
All you got to do is stand.
And when people see you standing, they're gonna say, what a mighty God we serve.
If God could do it for Legion.
What can God do for me if God can turn Legion around?
He can turn me around.
I got to run across the field right now.
Maybe Jesus tells him no to promote his purpose.
Maybe it tells him no to prevent pride, but I think I got the answer watch to happen.
I'm convinced that he tells him no, because Legion is proof of God's power.
I'm done.
I'm going to my seat right now, but sometimes the Lord tells us no, not because he's crying to quench
but he's trying to showcase the power of Jesus Christ.
Remember, this was a legion running around in the cemetery, running around on trial and road, half clothed, half naked, out of his God-given mind.
But now, in the words of my grandmother, he's saved, sanctified, sane, and in his right mind.
And God is using Legion as proof positive of the power of Almighty God.
And baby, that's why God is telling you no sister.
Maybe that's why God is telling you no brother to be proof of the power of Almighty God.
Legion ain't who he used to be.
Legion don't talk how he used to talk.
Legion doesn't act how he used to act.
Legion doesn't run how he used to run.
Legion doesn't behave how he used to behave.
He ain't legion no more.
He ain't a menace no more.
But now he's a missionary.
He ain't a grunk, ain't a drunk no more.
Now he's delivered.
He's set free.
He's liberated because God has all power.
I wish I had a witness right now.
Somebody knows that God can turn it around God can turn you around God can change your life God can order your steps God can take the taste away God can bear your burdens God can deliver your addiction God can turn it around Do I have anybody who can look back over your life?
And thank God for the no!
Yes, you want to hear yes!
But you can look back 50 years!
40 years!
35 years!
25 years!
You were crying then!
But now you look back!
And you can thank God for the no!
Thank God and God!
Has a perfect will for your life!
I didn't like it!
I didn't want it!
But I thank God for the know, because out of the know, I got a new song.
I got a new testimony.
I got a new shout.
I got a new story.
This is my story.
This is my song.
Praise it.
I said, praise it.
My Savior.
Oh.
The day long, stand to your feet.
Do I have 500 real folk who can thank God for the no in your life?
He's Alpha and Omega in everything in between.
If God said yes to some of the stuff, we requested
Come on, I'm preaching this to the real people now.
Some of us wouldn't be alive.
Come on, I'm talking real now.
We'd be a Carolina biblical gods.
Our earthly remains.
If God said yes to some of what we asked of God, we wouldn't be at our right minds.
Thank God for the no.
Like we accept yes from God.
We got to learn to accept no from God.
I tell my daughters, I said, I'm crazy until you have your own kids.
You think I'm crazy?
I said, too, you have your own kids.
I don't have to make sense.
But as soon as you have, I pray I'm alive and healthy to see it.
My parents were crazy until I had kids.
Come on, I'm talking to somebody now.
You have your own kids.
It's like, oh, okay.
When you pay that mortgage, it's different.
When you pay Duke Energy, it's different.
Somebody right now, my brother, my sister, you're here.
You don't know Jesus Christ as your Savior or your Lord, but I'm extending this invitation to you to become a follower of the Lord Jesus Christ.
You don't know Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord of your life.
I want you to walk down the aisle, my sister, my brother, I want you to accept Jesus today as Savior and Lord of your life.
You may be saved, but you don't have a church home and you need a church home where you're gonna be discipled
rooted, grounded in the way and will of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I want you to come right now.
My brother, my sister, either by salvation or church membership.
Come on, brother.
Come on, sister.
You've been visiting.
You've been online, but now you're here.
Come on.
Walk down the aisle right now.
I'm talking to some brother, some sister who needs a savior, somebody who needs a church home.
Wherever you are, my brother, wherever you are, my sister, Holy Spirit, lead them right now.
Come on, walk down the aisle now.
The Lord loves you.
The Lord has a plan for your life.
Part of God's plan for your life was no.
So you could be where you are right now to be ripe and receptive to what God wants to do in your life.
Come on, brother.
Come on, sister, walk down the aisle wherever you are.
Here's a young lady coming right now, amen.
Have a seat right here, amen.
There may be somebody else.
I know there's some other people right now.
I want you to come for weight.
This young lady has already come.
I want you to come, my brother, come, my sister, wherever you are.
I don't want you to put this off till next Sunday.
I don't want you to put this off till Resurrection Sunday is somebody come.
This couple's coming right now.
Amen.
Maybe somebody else, brother, sister, I'm talking to you.
If you wonder if I'm talking to you, yes, I am talking to you.
Amen.
Today is your day.
You don't live in New York anymore.
You live in Raleigh.
You need a church home in Wake County.
You don't need a church home in Queens anymore.
You need a church in Raleigh.
You don't live in Georgia anymore, but you live right here in Wake County.
Come on, brother.
Come on, sister.
You need a church home.
You voted this weekend.
In Wake County, amen.
You need a church home in Wake County.
You've been visiting online every Sunday.
You see me in the street.
You my pastor.
Make it official today.
Come on brother, come on sister, let the day be the day.
Watch travel with you to ask your neighbor to your right or to your left, to your right or to your left.
Do you want to accept Jesus as your savior today?
If they say I'm already saved, ask them, do you want to join the church today?
Tell them I'll walk with you.
Do you want to accept Jesus today as your savior?
If they say I'm already saved, ask them, do you want to join the church today?
I want you to make a sanctified 360, amen, to your right, to your left, in front of you behind you.
You ask somebody when you ask them, put a smile on your face.
Amen.
Tell them I'll walk with you.
I'll walk with you.
Watch that repeat after me, God, I thank you for the gift of salvation.
I admit that I'm a sinner.
I believe that Jesus died for me and was resurrected for the salvation of my sins.
I now confess Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord of my life
And I'm going to do what He tells me to do so I can be who He wants me to be.
Amen.
That's the first time you've prayed that prayer.
I want you to walk forward.
If you prayed that prayer before, you digested, comprehended, understand it, be seated.
Amen.
Let's thank God for these three persons, these two women of God, this man of God.
to give their lives to the Lord Jesus Christ, your night with watch chapel.
Amen.
Our deacons and associate ministers are coming forward now as we prepare to serve the Lord's Supper.
As we prepare to serve the Lord's Supper, we want to do so reverently.
We want to do so obediently.
We don't want to do it.
unto ourselves, or we want to do it unto the Lord God.
The Bible says, let a man, let a woman examine himself or herself as we partake of the body and blood of Christ in an unworthy manner.
God, we thank you for this day.
Thank you for life, health, and strength.
We thank you for this opportunity to partake of this holy meal.
We partake of this holy meal.
We do so reverently, obediently unto you.
We confess our sins unto you.
We thank you for the sacrifice of your son, Jesus Christ.
In Jesus' name, amen.
any believers who have not received the elements, if so please raise your hand so we might serve you.
When the lady was betrayed, he took the bread.
When he had given thanks, he broke it and said, this is my body, which is for you.
Do this in remembrance of me, and we do likewise.
Same way he took the cup.
After supper saying, this cup is the new covenant in my blood.
Do this as often as you drink it in remembrance of me.
Or as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup.
You proclaim the Lord's death until He comes.
and we do likewise.
People of God said amen.
Amen.
Amen as we stand to our feet.
Brothers, we'll see you on Tuesday night, seven o'clock p.m. May the grace of our Lord and Savior, the love of God, the fellowship of the Holy Spirit rest willing to bow with us until we shall meet again.
People of God said amen.
Amen.